# phponlineresultsystem
Online Result Displaying System, as the name suggests this project will manage results of students online. Students can register, login and see their result where as faculties can register, login, assign subjects to students, give them marks and have some other basic functionalities like deleting, managing accounts etc. Subjects and marks can be manually assigned to each student by faculty and in the result part, each student's performance can be evaluated by looking at the displayed result of that student and marks will be showed along with the calculation of percentage, total and grade as well as how well a student performed in all his allotted subjects.  It would have mainly two modules which are : (i)Student (ii)Faculty.  (i)Student module:  Student module will be having registration facility which will store student's details like roll no, name, semester and email ID into a database. Then student can login to their account with Email ID and password to see their result(marks, total, percentage etc.)   (ii)Faculty module: Faculty module will have comparatively more functionalities than student's module, once faculty has registered and logged in, he/she will have all the access to student's record so that subjects could be assigned to students. Once subjects are assigned and everything is set for each of the student, faculties can enter marks for each student in certain subjects that has been allotted to that student, once marks are given, upon retrieving result, records will be fetched from database and some operations will be performed to calculate grades, percentage, marks, average etc. Also, faculties will have a feature to manage all student's profiles and subjects that are assigned to them.
